.TH XScreenSaver 1 "" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
mystical - bouncing polygons.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mystical
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[\-polys \fInumber\fP]
[\-points \fInumber\fP]
[\-trails \fInumber\fP]
[\-thickness \fInumber\fP]
[\-bold-colors]
[\-no-db]
[\-fps]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This draws colorful polygons that bounce around the screen and leave trails.
Inspired by the old "Mystify" screensaver on Windows.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 30000 (0.3 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-polys \fInumber\fP
Number of polygons.  Default: 2.
.TP 8
.B \-points \fInumber\fP
Number of points in each polygon.  Default: 4.
.TP 8
.B \-trails \fInumber\fP
Number of trailing polygons behind each leading polygon.  Default: 5.
.TP 8
.B \-thickness \fInumber\fP
Thickness of lines.  Default: 1.
.TP 8
.B \-bold-colors | \-no-bold-colors
Whether to use the bold color scheme.  This is off by default.
.TP 8
.B \-db | \-no-db
Whether to double buffer.
.TP 8
.B \-fps
Display the current frame rate and CPU load.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020 by Josh Simmons.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Josh Simmons.
